Mms 2 d steady (#1461)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/examples/incompressible-flow/2d-mms/2d-mms.rst

===============================================================================
Method of Manufactured Solutions
===============================================================================

> This example illustrates the use of the Method of Manufactured Solutions (MMS) for the verification of a solver's accuracy. The equations solved are the two-dimensional steady incompressible Navier-Stokes (NS) equations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates the use of the Method of Manufactured Solutions (MMS) to verify the order of accuracy of a solver. The equations solved are the two-dimensional steady incompressible Navier-Stokes (NS) equations.
```

- Python script to plot the error: ``plot_error.py``

-----------------------
Description of the Case
-----------------------

Numerical models requires both verification and validation. While code verification ensures that the mathematical and numerical scheme are consistent and that the code implementation is free from programming errors, code validation is concerned with verifying the agreement of the mathematical model with the underlying physics. The Method of Manufactured Solution  (MMS, see Roache (2002) [#Roache2002]_) is employed for code verification and involves evaluating the error defined as the difference between the manufactured solution  and the computed solution. 
Obviously, few exact analytical solution of the incompressible Navier-Stokes (NS) equations are known. Therefore, the following procedure is adopted:

- The manufactured solution is chosen such that all terms of the NS equations are non-trivial and non-singular. In other terms, the manufactured solution must be at least twice differentiable, with both its first and second derivatives being non-trivial. The manufactured solution can vary in complexity.

> - Once the manufactured solution is defined, it is substituted into the steady incompressible NS equations, leading to the appearance of source terms. Hence, the manufactuerd solution is the exact solution of the original equations if the source term is added. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once the manufactured solution is defined, it is substituted into the steady incompressible NS equations, leading to the appearance of source terms. Hence, the manufactured solution is the exact solution of the original equations if the source term is added. 
```

> - The simulations are run at different mesh resolutions and for different degrees of the polynomial approximations of the velocity and pressure.

Author: ```suggestion
- The simulations are launched with different mesh resolutions and for different degrees of the polynomial approximations of the velocity and pressure.
```

- The order of convergence is calculated by measuring the error between the numerical solution and the manufactured solution.

In the current example, we choose the following analytical solution:

.. math::
  \mathbf{u} &= 2 \begin{bmatrix}
    (\sin(\pi x))^2 \sin(\pi y) \cos(\pi y)\\
    \sin(\pi x) \cos(\pi x) (\sin(\pi y))^2 
   \end{bmatrix}\\
  p &= \sin(\pi x)\sin(\pi y)
 
The analytical solution is shown in the following figure:

.. image:: Images/analytical_solution.png
    :alt: The analytical solution: x-component of the velocity (upper-left), y-component of the velocity (upper-right), and pressure (bottom)
    :align: center
    :name: analytical_solution
    :width: 800

> Since the velocity function is divergence-free, no source term arises in the continuity equation. Substituting the previous expressions for the velocity and the pressure into the momentum equation leads to the following source term vector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the velocity function is divergence-free, no source term arises in the continuity equation. Substituting the previous expressions for the velocity and the pressure into the momentum equation leads to the following source term:
```

    set simplex = true  # if using simplex mesh 
    set initial refinement = 4 # if using quad mesh
    set initial refinement = {{LEVEL}} # if using simplex mesh 
  end

For a mesh with quadrilateral cells, the initial level of refinement is set to 4, which corresponds to 256 cells. For a simplex mesh, as mentioned in section :ref:`Simulation_control_section`, each refinement level is defined in a separate parameter file and is represented by the parameter variable {{LEVEL}} in Jinja2 format. The simplex mesh is selected by setting the ``set simplex`` parameter to `true`. In this case, a quadrilateral mesh is first generated at the specified resolution and then converted to a simplex mesh using the `dealii::GridGenerator::convert_hypercube_to_simplex_mesh <https://www.dealii.org/current/doxygen/deal.II/namespaceGridGenerator.html#ac7515d2b17c025dddc0e37286fb8d216>`_ function, which divides each square cell into 8 triangles.

Boundary Conditions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The velocity components are set to zero on all of the boundary to match the analytical solution. However, the condition on each boundary can be changed depending on the analytical function used.

.. code-block:: text

>   subsection boundary conditions
>   set number = 1
>     subsection bc 0
>       set id = 0
>       set type = noslip
>     end
>   end

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  subsection boundary conditions
  set number = 1
    subsection bc 0
      set id   = 0
      set type = noslip
    end
  end
```

Physical Properties
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For this analysis, the Reynolds number (based on the maximum velocity in the domain) is taken to be 1, which results in the terms of the NS equation being of the same order. Hence, the kinematic viscosity is set to 1 in the ``physical properties`` subsection:

.. code-block:: text

    subsection physical properties
      subsection fluid 0
        set kinematic viscosity = 1
      end
    end

FEM Interpolation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Similarly to the ``initial refinement`` parameter in the case of a simplex mesh, ``velocity order`` and ``pressure order``  are set to the {{Poly_deg_u}} and {{Poly_deg_p}} parameter variables, respectively, in Jinja2 format.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly to the ``initial refinement`` parameter in the case of a simplex mesh, ``velocity order`` and ``pressure order``  are set to the ``i{{Poly_deg_u}}``i and ``i{{Poly_deg_p}}``i parameter variables, respectively, in Jinja2 format.

```

.. code-block:: text

  subsection FEM
    set velocity order = {{Poly_deg_u}}
    set pressure order = {{Poly_deg_p}}
  end

Non-linear Solver
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The nonlinear solver's tolerance is set to :math:`10^{-10}` since the errors on the velocity and pressure fields reach values that are near or lower than the default tolerance of :math:`10^{-8}` on the quadrilateral meshes with a finer resolution. Hence, if the default tolerance were used, the error would be constrained by this value.

.. code-block:: text

    subsection non-linear solver
      subsection fluid dynamics
        set tolerance = 1e-10
        set verbosity = verbose
      end
    end

Linear Solver
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The only modification made in the linear solver section is the use of AMG preconditioner to accelerate the simulations. 

> .. code-block:: text
> 
>   subsection linear solver
>     subsection fluid dynamics
>       # Set type of preconditioner for the iterative solver
>       set preconditioner = amg
>       set verbosity = verbose
>     end
>   end
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: text

  subsection linear solver
    subsection fluid dynamics
      # Set type of preconditioner for the iterative solver
      set preconditioner = amg
      set verbosity      = verbose
    end
  end

```

-----------------------
Running the Simulations
-----------------------

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> The simulations are launched by first running the ``generate_cases.py``, then ``launch_cases.py`` scripts. The first script generates the folders and parameter files for the different configurations simulated,

Reviewer: It might be a good idea to have the number of cores to use as an argument of the launch_cases.py
Furthermore, when you launch the script it is not giving any indication of which job is currently being launched. I would just have something that indicates which simulation is running, otherwise this is very confusing for the person running the script. Maybe it would be good to just display the logs of the simulation so someone can know what is going on. Otherwise I was confused when running the script (is it running, etc.)

> while the second one launches the simulations.

Reviewer: I would also give an indication of the expected run time

Reviewer: Your last Q3 simulations are very memory intensive, No need to change it but it's a bit intense for someone that would be running this one hteir laptop for example. I think that if you don,t have 16Gig of ram they would crash

Reviewer: Then runtime is quite long for what you are trying to achieve. If I  would reduce the number of refinement to 4 so that the runtime of the simulations is much shorter.  I don,t think the example needs to such a long run time and the last point for quads don't add anything to the analysis

Reviewer: (for example, some of the simulations take up to 10 minutes, that' s  a bit too much for what you are trying to demonstrate here :)

As mentioned in section :ref:`Mesh_section`, for the quadrilateral mesh, for each combination of velocity and pressure polynomial approximations, the mesh is refined automatically in a successive manner. Therefore, one folder for each combination of velocity and pressure shape functions containing the corresponding parameter file is created. Within each folder, the results corresponding to the different mesh resolutions are stored in a single ``L2Error.dat``. This is not the case for the simplex mesh, where a parameter file and an output file are created within a separate folder for each combination of velocity and pressure approximations and mesh resolution.

> Once the simulations are completed, the results can be post-processed using the python script ``plot_error.py``, which plots the error relative to the manufactured solution at the different mesh resolutions and polynomial approximation degrees. However, before using this code, the script ``organize_output.py`` must be run to rearrange the results for a triangular mesh in a folder structure similar to that obtained for the mesh with quadrilateral cells. Hence, after running this script for the simplex mesh, folders are created for each combination of velocity and pressure shape functions, and within each folder, the error is rearranged in a single ``L2Error.dat`` file with the same structure as that for the quadrilateral mesh, thus containing the errors for the different mesh resolutions.

Reviewer 2: I would first talk about the "organize_output.py" code, than the "plot_error.py" since this will be the order in which they will be used. 

Like don't write "However, ..." 

People (including me, lol) don't read and will try to run the plot_error.oy right away.

-----------------------
Results and Discussion
-----------------------

> The following figures show the :math:`L^2` norm of the error relative to the analytical solution for the velocity and pressure fields as a function of the mesh size :math:`h`. The error is defined as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The following figures show the :math:`L^2` norm of the error relative to the analytical solution for the velocity and pressure fields as a function of the mesh size :math:`h`. The error is defined as follows:
```

.. math::
  |e_{\mathbf u}|_2 &= \sqrt{\int_\Omega [\Sigma_{i=1}^2(u_{i,sim}-u_{i,exact})^2]} = \sqrt{\Sigma_{k=1}^{n_{cells}}\Sigma_{j=1}^{n_q}\Sigma_{i=1}^2[(u_{i,sim,j}-u_{i,exact,j})^2]*w_j}\\
  |e_p|_2 &= \sqrt{\int_\Omega [(p_{sim}-p_{sim, av})-(p_{exact}-p_{exact, av})]^2} = \sqrt{\Sigma_{k=1}^{n_{cells}}\Sigma_{j=1}^{n_q} [(p_{sim,j}-p_{sim, av})-(p_{exact,j}-p_{exact, av})]^2*w_j}

> where :math:`n_q` is the number of quadrature points in each cell, :math:`w_j` are the quadrature weights, :math:`n_{cells}` is the number of cells in the domain, :math:`u_{i,sim}` and :math:`u_{i,exact}` are the simulated and exact velocity components, respectively, and :math:`p_{sim}` and :math:`p_{exact}` are the simulated and exact pressure fields, respectively. The average values of the simulated and exact pressure fields are denoted by :math:`p_{sim, av}` and :math:`p_{exact, av}`, respectively, and are subtracted from the pressure fields to account for the fact that the pressure is recovered to within a constant. In fact, for incompressible flows, the pressure field constitutes a Lagrange multiplier that enforces the continuity condition through its gradient value. More details on the error calculation can be found by consulting the implementation of the function ``calculate_L2_error`` in ``lethe/source/solvers/postprocessing_cfd.cc``.

Reviewer 2: You could define u and p, then define what are the subscript "exact", "av" and "sim". This way, you don't use "respectively" twice.

Finally, the mesh size :math:`h` is defined as follows:
  .. math::
    h_{quad} &= \frac{l_\Omega}{\sqrt{n_{cells}}}\\
    h_{simplex} &= \frac{l_\Omega}{\sqrt{(n_{cells}/8)}}*0.5

> where the number of cells :math:`n_{cells}` is retrieved from the ``L2Error.dat`` files. For the simplex mesh case, :math:`n_{cells}` is divided by 8 to calculate the number of quadrilaterals used to generate the triangles (see section :ref:`Mesh_section`). Taking the square root of this number gives the number of quad sides on a given boundary segment. Dividing the length of the boundary segment by the latter number leads to the length of the side of each quad. The size of each triangle is then half the length of the quad side. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where the number of cells :math:`n_{cells}` is retrieved from the ``L2Error.dat`` files. For the simplex mesh case, :math:`n_{cells}` is divided by 8 to compute the number of quadrilaterals used to generate the triangles (see section :ref:`Mesh_section`). Taking the square root of this number gives the number of quad sides on a given boundary segment. Dividing the length of the boundary segment by the latter number leads to the length of the side of each quad. The size of each triangle is then half the length of the quad side. 
```

The following figure shows the variation of  :math:`|e_{\mathbf u}|_2` with :math:`h`

.. image:: Images/order_of_convergence_velocity.png
    :alt: :math:`|e_{\mathbf u}|_2`
    :align: center
    :name: Velocity_convergence
    :width: 600

The following figure shows the variation of  :math:`|e_p|_2` with :math:`h`

.. image:: Images/order_of_convergence_pressure.png
    :alt: :math:`|e_{p}|_2`
    :align: center
    :name: Pressure_convergence
    :width: 600

> In both plots, the continuous lines correspond to the quadrilateral mesh, while the dashed lines represent the SIMPLEX mesh. It can be seen that the velocity converges to the order :math:`(p+1)` for a velocity shape function of degree p, except for the case :math:`\{Q_3-Q_1\}`.

Reviewer 2: reason why simplex is in CAPS here and not every where else?

> In both plots, the continuous lines correspond to the quadrilateral mesh, while the dashed lines represent the SIMPLEX mesh. It can be seen that the velocity converges to the order :math:`(p+1)` for a velocity shape function of degree p, except for the case :math:`\{Q_3-Q_1\}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In both plots, the continuous lines correspond to the quadrilateral mesh, while the dashed lines represent the SIMPLEX mesh. It can be seen that the velocity converges to the order :math:`(p+1)` for a velocity shape function of degree :math:`(p)`, except for the case :math:`\{Q_3-Q_1\}`.
```

Maybe it is confusing to use p for both the order of the polynomial and the pressure (this is nitpicking, but I prefer saying it)

As for the pressure, it converges at the second-order for the shape functions pairs :math:`\in \{Q_1-Q_1, Q_2-Q_1, Q_2-Q_2, Q_3-Q_1\}` and :math:`\in \{P_1-P_1, P_2-Q_1, P_2-P_2\}`, and to the third-order for combinations :math:`\in \{Q_3-Q_2, Q_3-Q_3\}`. It can also be seen that the error for the pressure increases with an increasing pressure approximation degree, except for :math:`\{Q_3-Q_1\}` and :math:`\{Q_3-Q_2\}` for the quad mesh.

Finally, for the same degree of the velocity and pressure approximations and the same mesh resolution, the error is smaller for a quadrilateral mesh, for both the pressure and velocity fields.  

----------------------------
Possibilities for Extension
----------------------------

> - **Use more complex analytical functions:**  Using a non-divergence free velocity field leads to the apperance of a source term in the mass conservation equation, as well as the contribution of all the components of the stress tensor in the momentum conservation equations. More complicated analytical solutions may be found in Blais and Bertrand (2015) [#Blais2015]_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Use more complex analytical functions:**  Using a non-divergence free velocity field leads to the apperance of a source term in the mass conservation equation, as well as the contribution of all the components of the stress tensor in the momentum conservation equations. More complexe analytical solutions may be found in Blais and Bertrand (2015) [#Blais2015]_.
```

Reviewer 2: Again, analytical of manufactured?

===============================================================================
Method of Manufactured Solutions
===============================================================================

> This example illustrates the use of the Method of Manufactured Solutions (MMS) for the verification of a solver's accuracy. The equations solved are the steady incompressible Navier-Stokes (NS) equations in 2D.

Author: I thought so but i think @blaisb may have mentioned it may not be useful for VOF? I think it may still be used to indicate how well we can recover the velocity, pressure and indicator function, but I am not sure (although not taking into account any physical or geometrical considerations).

Files Used in This Example
----------------------------

All files are located in the example's folder (``examples/incompressible-flow/2d-mms``). The files used for the quadrilateral mesh can be found in the ``mms_quad`` folder, while those for the triangular mesh are
grouped in the ``mms_simplex`` folder.

- Base case parameter file in each folder: ``mms_quad/mms_2d_steady.prm`` and ``mms_simplex/mms_2d_steady.prm``
- Python script to compute the source terms for the analytical solution used in this example: ``mms_source_term.py``
- Files to generate the parameter files at the different conditions: ``mms_quad/generate_cases.py`` and ``mms_simplex/generate_cases.py``
- Files to run the different simulations: ``mms_quad/launch_cases.py`` and ``mms_simplex/launch_cases.py``
- File to reorganize the output of the triangular mesh in a similar manner to the quadrilateral case: ``mms_simplex/organize_output.py``. After running the code, a directory ``mms_simplex/initial_output`` is created where the initial simulations output is stored
- Python script that plots the error: ``plot_error.py``

-----------------------
Description of the Case
-----------------------

> Numerical models require both verification and validation. While code verification ensures that the mathematical and numerical schemes are consistent and that the code implementation is free from programming errors, code validation focuses on verifying the agreement of the mathematical model with the underlying physics. The Method of Manufactured Solution  (MMS, see Roache (2002) [#Roache2002]_) is employed for code verification and involves evaluating the error defined as the difference between the manufactured solution and the computed solution. Specifically, the MMS can be used to verify or determine the order of convergence of a solver.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Numerical models require both verification and validation. While code verification ensures that the mathematical and numerical schemes are consistent and that the code implementation is free from programming errors, code validation focuses on verifying the agreement of the mathematical model with the underlying physics. The Method of Manufactured Solution (MMS, see Roache (2002) [#Roache2002]_) is employed for code verification and involves evaluating the error defined as the difference between the manufactured solution and the computed solution. Specifically, the MMS can be used to verify or determine the order of convergence of a solver.
```

> Numerical models require both verification and validation. While code verification ensures that the mathematical and numerical schemes are consistent and that the code implementation is free from programming errors, code validation focuses on verifying the agreement of the mathematical model with the underlying physics. The Method of Manufactured Solution  (MMS, see Roache (2002) [#Roache2002]_) is employed for code verification and involves evaluating the error defined as the difference between the manufactured solution and the computed solution. Specifically, the MMS can be used to verify or determine the order of convergence of a solver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Numerical models require both verification and validation. While code verification ensures that the mathematical and numerical schemes are consistent and that the code implementation is free from programming errors, code validation assesses the agreement between the mathematical model and the underlying physics. The Method of Manufactured Solution  (MMS, see Roache (2002) [#Roache2002]_) is employed for code verification and involves evaluating the error defined as the difference between the manufactured solution and the computed solution. Specifically, the MMS can be used to verify or determine the order of convergence of a solver.
```

You shoun'd use "verifying" while explaining what's validation since you're trying to make the difference between verification and validation.

Obviously, few exact analytical solution of the incompressible Navier-Stokes (NS) equations are known. Therefore, the following procedure is adopted:

> - The manufactured solution is chosen such that all terms of the NS equations are non-trivial and non-singular. In other terms, the manufactured solution must be at least twice differentiable, with both its first and second derivatives being non-trivial. The manufactured solution can vary in complexity.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The manufactured solution is chosen such that all terms of the NS equations are non-trivial and non-singular. In other words, the manufactured solution must be at least twice differentiable, with both its first and second derivatives being non-trivial. The manufactured solution can vary in complexity.
```

- Once the analytical solution is defined, it is substituted into the steady incompressible NS equations, leading to the appearance of source terms. Hence, the defined solution is the exact solution of the original equations, with the source terms added. The modified equations, which now include the source terms, form a new set of equations to be solved numerically.
- The numerical code is then modified to incorporate the new set of equations with the source terms, and simulations are run at different mesh resolutions and for different degrees of the shape functions of variables. In this case, these correspond to the velocity and pressure shape functions.
- The computed solution is compared to the analytical one and the order of convergence is assessed.

> In the current example, we choose the following analytical solution:

Reviewer: Well the exact analytical solution is this one in a way.  I agree however that chosen manufactured solution is a good idea :)

.. math::
  \mathbf{u} &= 2 \begin{bmatrix}
    (\sin(\pi x))^2 \sin(\pi y) \cos(\pi y)\\
    \sin(\pi x) \cos(\pi x) (\sin(\pi y))^2 
   \end{bmatrix}\\
  p &= \sin(\pi x)\sin(\pi y)
 
The analytical solution is shown in the following figure:

.. image:: Images/analytical_solution.png
    :alt: The analytical solution: x-component of the velocity (upper-left), y-component of the velocity (upper-right), and pressure (bottom)
    :align: center
    :name: analytical_solution
    :width: 800

Since the velocity function is divergence-free, no source term arises in the continuity equation. Substituting the previous expressions for the velocity and the pressure into the momentum equation leads to the following source term:

.. math::
  \mathbf{G} = \pi \begin{bmatrix} \sin(\pi y)(-16\pi\nu (\sin(\pi x))^2\cos(\pi y) + 4\pi \nu \cos(\pi y) + 4 (\sin(\pi x))^3\sin(\pi y)\cos(\pi x) + \cos(\pi x))\\ 
    \sin(\pi x)(16\pi\nu (\sin(\pi y))^2\cos(\pi x) - 4\pi \nu \cos(\pi x) + 4 \sin(\pi x)(\sin(\pi y))^3\cos(\pi y) + \cos(\pi y)) \end{bmatrix}

where :math:`\nu` is the kinematic viscosity.

--------------
Parameter File
--------------

> The simulations are conducted on the domain :math:`\Omega = [-1,1] \times [-1,1]` using two types of meshes: one composed of quadrilateral cells and the other of triangular cells (simplex mesh). The polynomial degree :math:`k_v` of the velocity interpolation was varied from :math:`k_v=1` to :math:`k_v=3` for the quadrilateral mesh, and from :math:`k_v=1` to :math:`k_v=2` for the triangular mesh, as deal.II does not yet support higher-order polynomials for simplex mesh elements. Additionally, for each velocity approximation degree :math:`k_v`, the pressure field polynomial degree :math:`k_p` ranged from :math:`k_p=1`  up to  :math:`k_p = k_v` . Finally, for each combination of velocity and pressure shape functions, six different mesh resolutions were tested on the quadrilateral mesh, while four resolutions were tested on the triangular mesh.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The simulations are conducted on the domain :math:`\Omega = [-1,1] \times [-1,1]` using two types of meshes: one composed of quadrilateral cells and the other of triangular cells (simplex mesh). The polynomial degree :math:`k_v` of the velocity interpolation was varied from :math:`k_v=1` to :math:`k_v=3` for the quadrilateral mesh, and from :math:`k_v=1` to :math:`k_v=2` for the triangular mesh, as deal.II does not yet support higher-order polynomials for simplex mesh elements. Additionally, for each velocity approximation degree :math:`k_v`, the pressure field polynomial degree :math:`k_p` ranged from :math:`k_p=1`  up to  :math:`k_p = k_v`. Finally, for each combination of velocity and pressure shape functions, six different mesh resolutions were tested on the quadrilateral mesh, while four resolutions were tested on the triangular mesh.
```

.. code-block:: text

  subsection mesh
    set type               = dealii
    set grid type          = hyper_cube
    set grid arguments     = -1 : 1 : false
    set simplex = true  # if using simplex mesh 
    set initial refinement = 4 # if using quad mesh
    set initial refinement = {{LEVEL}} # if using simplex mesh 
  end

For a mesh with quadrilateral cells, the initial level of refinement is set to 4, which corresponds to 256 cells. For a simplex mesh, as mentioned in section :ref:`Simulation_control_section`, each refinement level is defined in a separate parameter file and  is repesented by the parameter variable {{LEVEL}} in Jinja2 format. The simplex mesh is selected by setting the ``set simplex`` parameter to `true`. In this case, a quadrilateral mesh is first generated at the specified resolution and then converted to a  simplex mesh using the `dealii::GridGenerator::convert_hypercube_to_simplex_mesh <https://www.dealii.org/current/doxygen/deal.II/namespaceGridGenerator.html#ac7515d2b17c025dddc0e37286fb8d216>`_ function, which divides each square cell into 8 triangles.

Boundary Conditions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The velocity components are set to zero on all of the boundary to match the analytical solution. However, the condition on each boundary can be changed depending on the analytical function used.

Reviewer: Semantically a domain does have "one boundary" so I think this is fine.

> The velocity components are set to zero on all of the boundary to match the analytical solution. However, the condition on each boundary can be changed depending on the analytical function used.

Reviewer 2: If you use the singular form, I think it should be "... are set to zero on the boundary to match..." 

If you keep the singular form, I found it weird do say "However, the condition on each boundary... " (There's only one, why on each?)
I think it should be "... on the boundary"

> The velocity components are set to zero on all of the boundary to match the analytical solution. However, the condition on each boundary can be changed depending on the analytical function used.

Reviewer 2: Also, shouldn't be "manufactured solution", not a "analytical solution" ? 

You could also be more technical, eg. "A Dirichlet boundary condition is used to set the velocity to zero. However, Neumann boundary conditions could be used according to the manufactured solution"

I don't think it's accurate to say that the type of boundary condition is "depending" on the manufactured solution.

> The velocity components are set to zero on all of the boundary to match the analytical solution. However, the condition on each boundary can be changed depending on the analytical function used.

Author: This should be fixed now

.. code-block:: text

  subsection boundary conditions
  set number = 1
    subsection bc 0
      set id   = 0
      set type = noslip
    end
  end

Physical Properties
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For this analysis, the Reynolds number (based on the maximum velocity in the domain) is taken to be 1, which results in the terms of the NS equation being of the same order. Hence, the kinematic viscosity is set to 1 in the ``physical properties`` subsection:

.. code-block:: text

    subsection physical properties
      subsection fluid 0
        set kinematic viscosity = 1
      end
    end

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  subsection linear solver
    subsection fluid dynamics
      # Set type of preconditioner for the iterative solver
      set preconditioner = amg
      set verbosity = verbose
    end
  end

-----------------------
Running the Simulations
-----------------------

The simulations are launched by first running the ``generate_cases.py``, then ``launch_cases.py`` scripts. The first script generates the folders and parameter files for the different configurations simulated,
while the second one launches the simulations.

As mentioned in section :ref:`Mesh_section`, for the quadrilateral mesh, for each combination of velocity and pressure shape functions, the mesh is refined automatically in a successive manner. Therefore, one folder for each combination of velocity and pressure shape functions containing the corresponding parameter file is created. Within each folder, the results corresponding to the different mesh resolutions are stored in a single ``L2Error.dat``. This is not the case for the simplex mesh, where a parameter file and an output file are created within a separate folder for each combination of velocity and pressure shape functions and mesh resolution.

> Once the simulations are launched, the results can be post-processed using the python script ``plot_error.py``, which plots the error relative to the analytical solution at the different mesh resolutions and shape function degrees. However, before using this code, the script ``organize_output.py`` must be run to rearrange the results for a triangular mesh in a folder structure similar to that obtained for the mesh with quadrilateral cells. Hence, after running this script for the simplex mesh, folders are created for each combination of velocity and pressure shape functions, and within each folder, the error is rearranged in a single ``L2Error.dat`` file with the same structure as that for the quadrilateral mesh, thus containing the errors for the different mesh resolutions.

Author: I just felt that the need for rearranging the files needs to be motivated first, so I started by mentioning which python script to use to analyze the files, implicitly meaning that it is the same code for both cases.

> Once the simulations are launched, the results can be post-processed using the python script ``plot_error.py``, which plots the error relative to the analytical solution at the different mesh resolutions and shape function degrees. However, before using this code, the script ``organize_output.py`` must be run to rearrange the results for a triangular mesh in a folder structure similar to that obtained for the mesh with quadrilateral cells. Hence, after running this script for the simplex mesh, folders are created for each combination of velocity and pressure shape functions, and within each folder, the error is rearranged in a single ``L2Error.dat`` file with the same structure as that for the quadrilateral mesh, thus containing the errors for the different mesh resolutions.

Author: Rearranging was put first and then the plot_error.py

> Once the simulations are completed,  the script ``organize_output.py`` must be run to rearrange the results for a triangular mesh into a folder structure similar to that obtained for the quadrilateral mesh. After running this script for the simplex mesh, folders are created for each combination of velocity and pressure polynomial approximations. Within each folder, the error is reorganized in a single ``L2Error.dat`` file, following the same structure as the one for the quadrilateral mesh, and containing the errors for the different mesh resolutions. The results can then be post-processed using the python script ``plot_error.py``, which plots the error relative to the manufactured solution for the different mesh resolutions and polynomial approximation degrees.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once the simulations are completed, the script ``organize_output.py`` must be run to rearrange the results for a triangular mesh into a folder structure similar to that obtained for the quadrilateral mesh. After running this script for the simplex mesh, folders are created for each combination of velocity and pressure polynomial approximations. Within each folder, the error is reorganized in a single ``L2Error.dat`` file, following the same structure as the one for the quadrilateral mesh, and containing the errors for the different mesh resolutions. The results can then be post-processed using the python script ``plot_error.py``, which plots the error relative to the manufactured solution for the different mesh resolutions and polynomial approximation degrees.
```

Results and Discussion
-----------------------

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Extra line here
